I'm here with dude perfect and Welcome
to our brand new
[Music]
headquarters so you guys spent over $5
million on all this we're trying to
think through through the mind of a kid
or he's going to instantly just want to
shoot on one of the moving basketball
goals why we put a slide there that's
why we have golf Sim and racing
simulators what's an average shoot cost
25 to 30 grand we're not in beaste
territory yet we don't want to be in
that territory what was that
conversation like when you decided to
split the equity you two had more you
guys are going to like go some your
equity and give more of it to the other
dudes I felt like oh man I'm carrying
this thing when you co-found a company
with other people you just can't have
that mindset can I try to trick shot
from here find it John oh yeah the $100
million that you guys raised what's it
going towards starting here we've got
the idea lab all video ideas product
ideas currently working on a thumbnail
show a quick sneak peek oh wow what's
the most expensive thing you've broken
pound it Noggin see you oh dear I'm not
the main
guy before we get into it make sure you
subscribe and ring the bell because we
have so many big videos coming up more
interviews more Studio tours more video
breakdowns so hit that button so you
don't miss it and now back to the video
yeah I have to ask you so you're the
finance guy um how did you justify
getting this space when your last space
is already did we did we justify we
didn't
that was the issue that was I missed
that step we how many square foot like
how big this one is uh 36,000 with 10
upstairs so 46 and then we have 30,000
on the other side of the wall this is
just the next uh version of our office
where we actually put some thought into
how the layout works and being able to
film much more efficiently and you'll
see upstairs there's a lot more room for
employees that was one of the biggest
reasons we came over here if there is a
justification in all this it was uh to
be able to the team and how does this
compare to like the like the dude
perfect world like are you guys still
thinking about doing that this is not
well we are going to have some public
facing space next door um that version
will be obviously all all open to the
public one of our hopes is to take some
of the stuff that we're filming in
videos and set it up next door so that
when people come to the retail store
here they have some stuff they can go
take part in how big is a dude perfect
team right now I yeah I want to say 28
right now but I mean I think it will be
over 50
yeah hopefully a year proba in a year
wow yeah
interested this a recruiting how do you
justify 50 people you don't you don't
that's the thing is you just kind of
have to throw it out there to see if it
sticks I agree who needs
[Music]
justify so up here we got golf Sim oh
hey look at that not done yet uh virtual
green so this is the green that will it
can change shape so you can do all kinds
of different putts it's got Hydraulics
underneath it actually this mezanine was
designed for to be able to do stuff on
the field so what you can't see so far
we got basketball court going in over
there got a big putting green section in
there Garrett was our architect really
he got his Masters in architecture uh he
has the best fallback plan I mean we had
eight years at our old office of like
certain ways we film trick shots in
those spaces so like we just made them
bigger and better here for sure this has
taller ceilings which we knew would be
really helpful for all that the walls we
wanted obviously designed but also tried
to keep them semi simple for like
backdrop of filming and things like that
so there was there was way more thought
that went into this space than there was
our previous one people expect a certain
amount of sport stuff with what we do
which obviously we love but we're trying
to take that a little you to the next
level creatively so on the basketball
court you can't see it right now but on
along that back wall we're going to
install goals that move along the wall
so more like specifically trick shot
goals we'll have the real goals see but
stuff like that we're basically we're
trying to think through through the mind
of a kid if a kid comes here he's going
to instantly probably first want to
shoot on one of the moving basketball
goals what do they think's fun that's
why we put a slide there that's why we
have golf Sim and racing simulators and
all this stuff we're still kids of
Hearts of course we love it but we're
trying to think of what would kids like
what was the biggest limitation of the
last space when we started it was
basically purely a production company
essentially right it's like us then we
just add production people and then once
we start trying to do these more fun
things for families you know traveling
experiences the the massive thing you're
talking about dup life touring physical
products toys all these different things
obviously you just need a bigger team to
pull that stuff off and we didn't really
have space for that in the last office
what's the coolest piece of tech in the
office probably the wall TV Yeah Yeah
well yeah or it's going to be the I mean
we're getting a big uh we're putting an
LED wall here so that we can film
against we're going to put change the
backdrop so we're going to actually put
that in the other space and building
kind of a Production Studio that not
only we can use but other creators come
in and or these racing simulators Cody
see those Cody you want to explain as we
walk over here what you've gotten
yourself into yeah so by the time this
airs I'll probably have already put
myself on pole and W a race but not true
as of today I will be entering a race in
Indianapolis at the Indianapolis Motor
Speedway a real professional race 30
drivers and my whole goal will be to not
get last place all right watch this
first trick shot from the mezine into
the slide no
let's not show that show that we are
Rusty huh yeah I I I didn't see the
misses guys the first video that we did
in this series Tyler had always wanted
to see if he could get a hit off a major
league pitcher and spoiler alert he
pulled it off and so the next one in the
series is Cody trying to not get last in
a professional race and turns out K
Reeves is in the same race so he's like
pretty good how much does a simulator
like this go for I think 20 grand 20
grand yeah that's how much we believe in
not this is kind of a common view though
for Cody a lot of cars in front not
really anybody behind him so far his
training has looked a lot like this
yeah is that part of the plan all right
he's going the other direction now yeah
all move along got to keep
[Music]
working all the equipment in here total
is up to about $47 million
that's a complete yes so that could be
million off or more uh what's an average
Sho cost I think around I would say 25
to 30 grand I would say is pretty
average for
us that's not counting pay roll that's
just counting you know location cost
getting travel the filmers it's R get
much much over 100 it happens our travel
trips are expensive and stuff like that
buet list by far the most by far the
most what was the most expensive episode
Australia flights alone 140 I think yeah
to get the whole team over there was
we're not in a territory yet on expenses
but we don't want to be in that
territory that's not we're not like
dying to be in that I don't like that
territory I love that he has that
territory that's great uh for an average
Dude Perfect shoot how many people are
on set not that many I actually think we
are on the lighter side of most big
channels I mean for sure we're on the
lighter side of most big channels we
experienced the TV show thing when you
know Nickelodeon and everyone comes in
and it's 100 people and everyone has one
job and we have so far avoided that I
think we're kind of like leaning a
little bit that direction now where
we're trying to we realize we need to
have a few more people on set than we do
we're making it a little harder on
ourselves than we need to but we try to
be you know quick and agile and not have
a zillion people probably like 12 12 do
you guys ever think about batch filming
like multiple overtime episodes or
multiple trick shots that want us to be
efficient we talked about it we would
love to find a series that we can do
that whether it's we' talked about game
show we've talked about clip shows um
for us we haven't found that recipe that
works yet yeah um it's just been we want
the quality to be there yeah if we can
find something where the quality of the
end product is still at our level then
we're down we just have we haven't
really cracked that code yet if you have
any ideas yeah let's know I mean it know
we love the concept it sounds great love
the idea of filming a lot of things in a
short amount of time no it reminds me of
the GMC like thing they're like all
right we're going to do the shot shot
and this shot all 6 hours let's go they
wanted to batch film it they sure did
yeah but you got in your second try yeah
yeah we did that was really something
what if that shot never went in I don't
know we might not be here probably they
wouldn't have paid us I don't know I
still wonder that if we would have made
no shots so they like do we so do we
still pay you or what are we paying you
for yeah I'm not sure
[Music]
can I try a trick shot for me or you you
certainly can you're not going to get
anywhere close but you can try it held
up massively important traffic light for
one of them I would probably just try to
do a little lobber over on this one
that's just me
yeah you can punish I like you saying
where Tai is and trying to cut the
corn any any advice on how to high
enough fall off this was going to be
tough but I think you want to just get a
little bit of height hug the hug that
tow strap looking deal here we go it's G
to be that's what's the name of the shot
for you to you have the naming rights
this is the mezanine shot like go be
there man cross let's give him a couple
tries
help how many like when you guys are
doing this how many like you don't want
too many balls in the shot like how many
times like uh how many balls you usually
have like this one we would just throw
the same one back just throw the same
back yeah I go underhand if you want my
expertise on this yeah finger roll it
off is it the mezanine shot yeah it is
oh
yeah that was really good oh man that
was really good that's just good
coaching right there proves that's just
caddying to its finest degree proves
find it John go baby I feel like I'm On
Top I'm on top of the Strat right now
here we go right 900 little more height
this is the mezzanine shot come on John
maybe oh
just John we're goingon to go get some
lunch feel free to uh have at it and and
keep
[Music]
going starting here we' got the idea lab
so we'll have all video ideas product
ideas and things that kind of the
beginning of an idea starts here and we
work our way this way to when it becomes
finished oh wow so um that's kind of the
vision for these spaces along the back
wall develop that be very much
development once it moves into kind of
like pre-production and it's actually
happening we'll come in here whether
that's a product again or a video idea
what what's this what's this like Board
of like um Chad you want to
explain what that
is uh yeah so new thing we're trying out
this is just showing who the director
and the team leads are and then what
stage of project on is on that way we
know as directors who's in charge of
each stage so each of these columns is a
specific video that we have coming down
the pipeline so um awkward stereotypes
already launched on the
left trick shots measured in miles is
one we have coming up that the has
worked on for six months six seven
months um been a large project and so
you can see as as Chad was just
explaining kind of how they break up the
team leads for each project and what
still needs to be accomplished pull it
off so the guys have done a really good
job of staying organized Chad's been
with us for 10 almost 10 almost 10 years
now years which is crazy Chad came and
uh interviewed in a suit um day one yep
uh and he's been with us ever since we
we love Chad how many days a month are
you
shooting probably only like six days a
month six days a month we we try six to
eight yeah we try to have Mondays be
meeting days and then Tuesday through
Thursday would be the primary shoot day
so if we're
filming in an ideal world it's on those
days during a given week and travel once
or twice a month yeah got really
efficient I think it used to be like
maybe 10 to 15 days we were filming a
lot and then now we've gotten really
good at pre-production and things like
that so it's gotten down to six days
definitely dialed it in a lot absolutely
sometimes it's help it just takes longer
than you think but are you using chat
GPT to come up with thumbnail ideas I am
yes can I see that abely now we use C
all the time to camera like oh that
one's amazing yeah got different ideas
what are you putting in to get like
these ideas like so like what's the
prompt like so right now I'm not
prompted any I'm just asking like we
talked about an idea of doing D Jenga
with big machinery so I basically just
typed in hey uh what's an idea with big
machinery doing Jenga and IDE popped out
I love how you're like but make it 16
by9 so it looks more like the format of
a thumbnail yeah so uh creative process
has been really difficult for us because
the end of day it's like we're we really
text based so it's like hey here's the
the idea dudes and it's usually like
this huge paragraph We Get of them um
but the dudes have struggled with that
so now what we started doing is we've
just been taking our descriptions just
being like hey create me a quick
thumbnail and it's like I can
immediately get a th thumbnails and
they're like man that is a really cool
idea so for one of our last shoots we we
did a th000 basketballs uh with a US Air
Force plane yes of course of course yeah
wait I have to ask was that final
thumbnail AI it was yeah so that was the
actual that was the first thumbnail that
I produced and sented the guys and
they're like hey we have to do this idea
whereas before we'd seen the thumbnail
it was kind of it didn't feel the
concept of the video doesn't feel as
real when somebody's just pitching it in
a room but like you saying as soon as
you see it you're like oh man I click on
that that would be a fun that' be fun
it's been a really fun like resource and
tool to generate ideas very quickly and
then eliminate ideas really quickly huh
yeah the AI thumbnail thing is
interesting because in that specific one
that was one of the first ones we ever
put up a legitimate AI
thumbnail and we tried we tried a
hundred different versions of real
photos and we could not get that concept
to look as intriguing as we could with
the very first one he ever made with AI
and so ultimately I imagine Jimmy would
say the same thing but it's can you
communicate the concept in a super clear
and intriguing way and like as long as
you're not click baiting people I've got
no problems with it it's funny because
one of the top comments on that video is
actually like was this thumbnail AI
generated CU there's three engines on
the plane so if you look at the plane it
had three engines on the left and two
engines on the right and I think a lot
of people clicked on it because there
was an error in that thumbil it's weird
weird world we live in yeah thanks Chad
great to meet you man yeah great me too
thanks these were the most valued real
estate here in the co-working space you
know window view that's it's important
yep I got to get there quick to get that
seat got git right here this is our
Graphics design wizard oh you do an
amazing job man he kills it currently
working on a thumbnail if you want to
back out and oh really quick sneak peek
wow little action this is the mark Rober
video the robo Yep this is the Rob this
is the one youall saw a little bit in
the meeting how long does it take to
design a Dude Perfect
thumbnail um probably two hours
what what like takes me like eight nine
hours how does it take and and are you
taking the photo on set or you're super
imposing like how do you get the assets
so a lot of time like we started like um
like taking an actual photo on set and
then like we'll have an idea in mind and
then from there it's just like
compositing different elements into it
so wait if you zoom out of this one yeah
so this is your collab with Mark Robert
did you take that photo on set or was
that tie there like Mark there we took
this base photo that's an actual photo
an actual photo and and you had like you
had dedicated set time to like take that
we did on that one specifically I would
say that was us on our aame knowing that
we need it it's we forget often and
we're trying to do a better job um cuz
it's tough we're we're telling him we're
like we call him git Garrett little git
like make it awesome he's like I have
nothing to work with what do you mean
and so uh we we are trying to do a
better job of um yeah being mindful of
it during the shoot been doing this for
15 years but the thumbnail thing is
actually kind of relatively new uh
struggle for us because when we used to
do all Trick Shot videos we basically
just took a screenshot from the video
and if the video is water bottle flip to
you have very obviously a cool water
bottle flipping moment we film it in a
cool way so it's framed up pretty well
and it worked and now that we're doing a
lot of these kind of bigger idea videos
you have you know a robot battle video
with Mark Rober it
now you're having to think okay well how
can you like demonstrate that and convey
that in a photo and we're like okay
let's do it this way so we'll use Ai and
mock up some stuff um and try to take
story starts over there and then comes
over here yeah but whenever we give him
anything remotely good to work with he
can come up with something pretty sick
yeah yeah you've been crushing me your
thumbnails yes he does a great job well
dude keep up the good work man I love
these thumbnails yeah amazing the $100
million that you guys raised will that
go towards editing production what's it
going towards the real scale comes from
okay what's the best recipe from us
whether it's launching new channels
which we want to do do perfect Outdoors
do perfect golf do perfect Junior do
perfect girls we have a lot of things
that we say Okay families really
appreciate the way that we make content
how can we take that same ethos and find
new Talent like we it's kind of crazy
that we don't have a Dude Perfect Junior
kids come up to us all the time you know
hey we started dude perfect junor we
started you know uh Kid Perfect things
like that but for as popular and cool as
some of the kids channels are out there
the fact that we haven't you know
fostered our own version of that seems
like a Miss up until now but we really
haven't had the team or the space to do
it yeah so whether it's in this space
and they're going to come hang out with
us or whether it'll be in the next space
or remote we want to use some of that
money to help grow dup Perfect's content
arm because that seems fun to us dude as
a new dad I'm I'm all for that 100%
right I'm all for that that's awesome
we're all about uh all about helping
dads and moms so this is the dude's
Lounge um but this will be just kind of
a hangout area for the dudes um so
you'll eventually have couches and um
another one of those giant TVs wow the
Samsung wall uh is going to go in here
which will not be a bad place to watch a
game so whether we're catching a Burnley
game or a Texan football game definitely
going to be spinning a lot of time up
here so this will be great um we weekly
Monday mornings we have we call it
owner's box we've just found 15 years in
that um having a time each week if we
can be disciplined about it where we can
just talk through even if it's just life
stuff um if somebody's frustrated at
each other for something it's just a
place to clear the Slate um and just
have some good just the five dudes just
the five dudes um so we try to do that
every single week first thing Monday
morning and um we talk about some
business stuff but honestly more than
that it's just kind of making sure we're
all on the same page and excited for
what's coming and making sure
everything's good between the five of us
yeah what was that conversation like
when you decided to split the equity 25
25 25 across all of you cuz I remember
you two had more initially because you
guys were the reason basically D perect
persisted what was that conversation
that be like you know you guys are going
to like go Su your equity and give more
of it to the other dudes I think anybody
who's owned a company with other
partners has probably walked through
something similar but um yeah what
you're referencing those really early
days um with five guys all working
different amounts I know for a fact I
can speak for how I felt I felt like oh
man I'm carrying this thing Monday
through Friday and yes we're going and
filming with the guys on the weekends
but I felt like in that moment I
deserved a bigger piece of what we were
doing and I mean granted we're talking
about making a few thousand dollar a
year right so maybe it mattered more
than than than normal but and in context
you guys did this as your full-time
after college everybody else got other
fulltime because everyone else got
married I think there was this felt need
for them to number one do something with
their degree G as an architect it's like
yeah I'm probably going to go use that
this hasn't really materialized into
anything significant yet so yeah let's
keep doing it but I'm not going to not
go chase this other dream that I've had
everybody's like are you going to quit
yeah I'll quit well are you going to
quit yeah no definitely and then it's
like nobody was really making any moves
so I was like how sure are we that
everybody's going to quit when I leave
this job imagine telling your
father-in-law you're going to do do
YouTube as a
job with a wife that's his daughter I
don't know why said yes he didn't CU I
didn't ask so that's how you get the
answer you want and yeah Kobe and I were
carrying it for a while um but I think
in hindsight and this is the advice we
give to other people that are starting
companies with you know Partners it's
like okay sure maybe emotionally for
that short amount of time it made us
feel
okay like yeah we're physically doing a
little bit more work than these other
guys so yes maybe we should technically
be making a little bit more than these
guys but
longterm the uh harm that that does to
the relationships and it just makes
those other guys feel less than in that
way or less appreciative yeah less
appreciative and less valuable to the
company and if you're going to have
anything that works long term you just
can't have that mindset in our opinion
you're always going to have different
levels of work I mean like Garrett said
he's been working a ton on getting this
place finished because he he was the
architect like and he knows this thing
like the back of his hand and so he's
for sure felt a bigger load on getting
moved over to this office and that's
just one example out of 15 years of
different things we've gone through and
carried different weights on so it's
definitely the right move to to switch
it back to equal was it hard then giving
Equity to outside investors um you know
honestly I would say no I I think we got
to the point where we were so excited
about what could be if we were to take
on help that we were more excited about
what the future could look like with a
team coming in even though we were
giving up you know some of what we'd
worked on for that but obviously it's
you know we kind of felt like as we got
to 15 years was like look we only have a
couple options here you know we could
ride this thing out until it till it's
just over um or we could turn the page
and bring in some people who could
really help us take it to another level
and we got way more excited about that
maybe by the time y'all come back Cody
will have his Loft in yeah um like
almost like a hammock Cody you could
Cody is sleeping at some point during
most days so he just went ahead and said
you know I'm going to go ahead and build
myself a little bird's nest up there to
to sleep in is this like the main watch
it w be it is for right
now the meeting we saw this morning what
were you guys doing we were we were
doing a watch through of the marrer
robot video there's like 20 people in
this room watching one of your YouTube
videos we try to do a team watch through
of whatever the next video is so that in
one moment people can throw out feedback
to the editing team it's also just
shockingly helpful for the editors to
just sit there and watch our reactions
it's simple right we just did a
stereotypes watch through last week or
two weeks ago I guess before the awkward
stereotypes video came out and it's just
you're I used to do all the editing so I
know you sit there and you get so into
it yourself okay I think this is funny
but is it actually funny and then you
watch people's reactions and they're
just making their own notes whether we
make notes or not about hey people this
was a huge laugh line I thought this was
funny but no one laughed stuff like that
so watch the are great huh what's the
most common piece of feedback you guys
give on your own videos we'll get right
back to the tour but first I want to say
thank you to Opus clip for sponsoring
this video because if you don't use obus
clip it's kind of like you're shooting
basketballs without even looking at the
hoop but with Opus you can take long
form clips and turn them into shorts by
using their new Ai and their new clip
anything tool which allows you to take
any video not just podcasts lifestyle
videos Vlogs and be able to clip it down
and it does it for you like
magic plus it gives you all the captions
it gives you title description and even
a score for how well it may do on your
channel you can actually prompt it to
get exactly what you're looking for so
Opus will know to take different moments
from your video piece them together and
give you a short form clip use my link
below to get a special deal so you'll be
able to use it right away and make the
most of it for your Channel all right
now back to the video um today we a lot
of uh can we minimize the yelling was a
good one too much
yelling too much yelling I mean it's
just get excited get excited it's plot
stuff it's hey I remember this was
really funny I don't didn't see that in
the edit stuff like that was that a
conscious decision that Ty You' do more
of the front facing stuff yeah they
thought I was the most handsome by far
and thought you know what he should be
he should be the guy we pulled the moms
and he won by by a landslide it was
shocking it was really got out of hand
we shut the poles down but hey it turned
out it was good decision they were spot
on those they knew it those five letters
stb TF sucks to be the face what does
that mean what does that stand for I
don't even know where it I think it
started cuz somebody wanted an interview
a long time ago and they I guess they
wanted me to do it and I was like man I
don't want to go do that and then the
that's where the jokes started sucks to
be the face cuz you get to go dud a lot
of the stuff and then a lot of the not
fun Stu there's perks to be in Lebron
and there's per to not be in Lebron yeah
yeah as you guys are growing like you're
like I want somebody else to be the face
or like thinking about taking that
pressure off uh I mean I think the five
of us are always going to be dude
perfect as people think of it but I
think the goal for us is that that
content can expand and we know it has to
expand Beyond Us in order to do the
things and accomplish the things that we
want to do so I mean Sparky's a great
example but he wasn't on camera 3 years
ago and now you know when he shows up if
somebody's out getting surgery and he
shows up in an overtime nobody even
thinks twice about it because he's part
of the team people latch on to to them
the way that they have us over the last
15 years and it's just helps us expand
to areas and the amount of content that
we can't just simply don't have the time
to do you know as the five of us you
know we've added other trusted creators
to the D perfect app for example like
zing and it's been awesome Z King about
to be added to it um yeah Ryan Tran's on
there and so we have even with those
trusted creators we have moms watch
through all the content that goes on the
app so that parents can continue to
trust it focus group correct correct our
hope is just like Tai said that um if
families trust Dude Perfect they'll
trust everything that's there and that
that'll be something that you know
parents can really lean on without
having to watch it ahead of time
themselves so looks like this is where
we're going to sign a lot of bottles too
we're doing a little special edition
release of our body armor oh there's
only 100 only 100 of them yeah how did
you guys think about getting into sports
drinks um so far it's been unbelievable
it's great relationship with body armor
the flavors are good partnership's good
and they're selling which is good yeah
it's always good things though yeah
that's been a lot of fun we we just did
a taste test for our next limited
edition drop the other day we got some
we can't tell you what that is we got
some creative ideas for the next relas
for the flavors F yeah a little little
different different uh take on
yeah Sports strength if y'all turn
around this is the editing Bay back here
how how many editors do do perfect Cory
full-time editors we've got about 8 to
10 on the production team right now uh
this is Tim he leads Tim Hol been here
for n Years Tim Tim what's up man nine
years Tim is the head of post production
employee number two by you guys met you
guys met Chad earlier the other Chad he
was employee number one and Tim's
employee number two 6 months after hired
Chad you employee number two at all do
perfect
number two yep it's been a fun R and so
Tim good call
man Tim leads the editing team so what
Cory used to do yep running post
production he handed off to Tim who's
done a far better job way better way
better far better job best um but uh but
yeah this is kind of post production
world back here so yeah um editors if
they if they want to get away and put
headphones on and tuck away into a
little booth these these offices are
back here once you get the footage how
long does it take to edit a Dude Perfect
video uh it depends on the series uh
stereotypes we turn around pretty quick
can be like 5 to 8 days of a turn um I
would say on average it's probably like
10 to 15 days uh of post and then the
bigger videos can be you know four to
six weeks bucket list videos quest
videos stuff like that Airsoft with 100
angles yeah but I would say I would say
on average our turn around is like 2 and
a half weeks maybe three impressive um
wish it was longer but that's just
yeah that's where we are we're always
throwing some new challenge at them like
we a couple weeks ago that we brought up
the concept okay huh so apparently now
everyone robber Beast they're getting
all their videos dubbed in all these
like 12 different languages 12 most
popular other countries but in order to
do that this is what people don't think
about at home you have to video lock it
early enough for you to do that and then
upload it at your normal Cadence so
basically we're like okay cool if we got
to turn it in let's call it a week two
weeks early that means we got to somehow
get ahead two or three weeks more than
we currently are so we get on that
Cadence so it's stuff like that we're
always like hey I know you all thought
you were ahead but surprise we're going
to have to get more ahead or whatever
well over half of our audience watches
outside the United States so um
definitely something that we're looking
to push into yeah it'll be that'll be
cool you're the unsung
hero truly this is basically employee
area um so we have some Executive
offices as you come in on the left side
those have the Windows that's why
they're for the execs that we have yet
to hire but are working on it um and now
you're in kind of the co-working space
what's that Emy award for it's a great
question
um actually that is for our production
for Amazon Thursday night football
broadcast we won the we won what was the
actual alter broadcast yeah yeah yeah so
funny it's funny to us as the five dudes
the talent I guess is not allowed to win
one why I'm not sure but
Ru so a bunch of people on our staff
interactive experience yeah got it for
making the whole thing happen we won two
two in a row but you'll see them in
people's offices and you will never see
one in ours because we're not allowed to
get one not really sure how it works an
actual am yeah as you can tell we're
excited for the team very excited
for wait what was this for our alternate
broadcast for for Amazon is that where
um like almost like Manning cast that
you we did that the last two years and
it's been really fun and yeah grateful
for the show to have won might da Em
emies are cool but uh this is the real
trophy in the office if you see look up
there
2021 that was oh yeah I guess the first
winner and then 2024 will be another one
here conveniently they left off 2020 was
me I don't know why we started in
21 if I remember correctly Tyler did win
the year that no other dudes played it
was
I details details but here we are yeah
about that we did just have our draft
the other night Thursday night's first
game it's very exciting fantasy's not
real but it is really serious around
here and unlike yies we can actually win
these so we care about them you want to
see did you already see one up close
yeah we did we don't we don't need to
see your
en you want see another one
no whose name is on this one uh that's
my name oh weird Chad Coleman yeah huh I
don't remember you doing a lot of
operations producing uh I did really did
let's the task that just jumps off like
I mean I'd have to were what were your
game day task what were your respons
coordinating snack guy dude you were the
snack guy live social content to make
sure that those incredible Talent social
guy for that play
music they love that kind of music no
this just the playoff music at the
enemies when the guy speech is too long
yeah you're trying to get him off
stage my whole team different it's a
different thank you go to commercial
breaker
not have done it without you hey thank
you guys this is for you this is for you
so back there in the dude Suite is where
our offices will be but because they
were painting and everything Cody's like
well this one already has Furniture in
it for one of our you for CEO or someone
else in town we came in one day and Cody
had his stuff all in here honestly it's
really smart said that's just smart
they're saying though our offices will
be completed by this week that's big
news actually paid the lady I said hey
do mind first she are you how did you
get the idea for that hammock or the
Loft up there I like naps and there was
room on the floor so I said let's go
rooftop y it's like the bird for Cody
yeah dude who designs your merch it's so
well done oh that's all not me I would
say Garrett has had more hand in our
merch than any other dudes um we've
changed companies a few times but um the
hats have been Staples yeah and also
your logo I just feel good this one this
one you'all may have seen this true
brand Dallas upside down started and we
worked with the guy he was kind enough
to let us in and so that's been really
fun this been the top selling how did
that take over like I
feel everywhere Dak wore it and then it
kind of was D went nuts there here you
go there you go yeah that's how it all
started pretty creative I love it yeah
make yourself at home I'll be moving
soon so it's all yours the other day we
had we do two a year make a wish days
and we have the families come by and um
that's humbling and uh yeah kind of
emotional honestly ly um but that's
really cool twice a year and there'll be
20 or 30 people at a time that'll come
through and um so that was fun CU they
got to see the office before really
anybody else um so we made it as fun as
we could with it being a work in
progress out there um but these are the
types of things that we would have for
the families and this is our new board
game um Tyler came up with the original
board game idea on a Home Depot box and
so I would say that was an example of
something we were very physically
involved in it maybe people would be
surprised they would think somebody just
made it but Tai made it and came up with
all the little gameplay and played it
with his kids and so then we brought it
up to the office and everybody played it
we tweaked it until they made it into a
real game so that's been a ton of fun
and this was in Walmart this was in
Walmart Cory wrote The Dude Perfect book
so we've done a couple of books now but
this has been the main one um I had the
smaller one from years ago yeah that was
the one that Cory wrote the whole thing
Cory worked with another author to put
this one together um but Cory's been
passionate about that side and um
Garrett's wife actually wrote the kids
book so we did a kids book which has
been a ton of
fun but we're looking to do that's so
cool how you guys have like Turned
yourselves into into characters we've
been they mentioned like d perfect Jun
we've been wanting to do an animated
show for a long time so that's something
that we're going to use some of the fun
you guys as the D perfect animated show
we just think would be a ton of fun yeah
um that would go along with a book
series so that's that's a big concept
that it's not a small undertaking but
yeah I did an interview with Ryan's
world and the way they're thinking about
animation I mean if you guys get in that
space it's like huge yeah it's crazy you
see the floating logo in here welcome to
the dud perfect kitchen love it um I
remember when we sat in a meeting and
the team we were working with um it's
called Jack Porter who did a bunch of
the the designs in here really really
cool they do a bunch of the college um
Sports areas when you walk into some
amazing D1 place and everything's
awesome on the walls Jack Porter is the
type of company that does that so we've
been working with they killing it so
they helped us design all this stuff it
was really cool they had these fancy um
renderings where you could stand out
there with your phone and turn around
and you could see what the space is
going to look like once they put the
graphics up on the walls and that helps
me as a very visual person but so
anyways they were like you want a
floating logo we're like yeah we should
do that we should aome what your head
John oh my God thank you man I see I
know the upside down thing is like kind
of overdone a lot at this point we were
early okay we were early with true brand
dud we are like working on our merch
right now we look at your stuff and the
quality you're like that's the bar well
thank you thank you I mean so well done
we're planning to do I think we
mentioned that we're going to have a
retail store here we've never had a
place for a store so our hope is that
we're going to have stuff you can only
buy here kind of like if you go to the
Masters you can only buy stuff there
that's kind of what we want do have a
different DP logo that you can just tell
you got it at you bought at the store
thing wa to see that so we'll see we'll
see that's the that's the
[Music]
game so what happens in this room this
is the workshop um this is a Garrett
special uh in the last office he finally
said I'm tired of the sawdust um from
builds ending up on everything in the
entire office so um this is way larger
than the last Workshop how many videos
involve a set that you guys built almost
every
one probably most of them
yeah how many sets do you keep after you
do a video very few yeah well we used to
keep a lot and that was a problem
because it would just take up space so
we we tear them down and reused the wood
and the materials but um uh great
example of a set that took a ton of time
to build that we essentially just took
right apart and moved on is you got a
little behind the scenes of the robot
battle we did with Rober we kept all
that though we're going to try to use it
for something else but we kept the
material yeah we kept the material but
that took it took a month two months to
build
like this indestructible basically
Battle Bots set and you know that was in
the old space and now we're moving over
here but it's like that took forever to
build and was incredible and it's like I
don't know what do you do with it you
know uh the other day we had a bowl in a
china shop in here the team made this
into a china shop and we had a bowl so
that was exciting aome where all the set
sets get built for our videos that idea
happened 4 days before the build was uh
you guys could turn it around that
quickly I mean every once in a while
we'll be at the points this is for the
rage monster in awkward stereotypes
shout out pretty funny video I will say
I can say that because I didn't do a lot
of acting in it it's pretty good I
couldn't leave it at
that I'm kid I just needed this I'm
coming but we had that idea cuz it's
always tough this deep into it what are
we going to do for rage monster you talk
about the trick shots being tough to top
there's a lot of pressure the kids put
on like what's the next idea for rage
monster and so we were sitting talking
and bulling a china shop came up and so
we're looking at our production team
like can you all do this cuz it's kind
of the only idea we care about now and
they said yes it was sweet what's the
most expensive thing you've broken in
your rage monster segments I mean
technically the basketball court but it
was already ruined so it was already
getting taken up we had a flood in the
old office and so when we you couldn't
really tell on camera destroy it it
looks on camera like it was just perfect
might be a house coming up is what I
heard really a full house there is a it
it's a potential that it's not just a
full house it's
a it's your house no it's not my house
I'm
[Music]
renovating so what is this room the this
is going to be the new set for overtime
okay Co so like Ty was saying earlier
overtime has been amazing and it's a lot
of our like deep fans favorite thing and
so we want to give them kind of a season
two make it different and fresh and so
we're going to build that set right here
episode 47 I think which is insane up
that's nuts that's wild I mean that is
nuts that is pretty wild what what is
planning for an overtime episode look
like um because it's many segments a lot
of them are ideas that we've had for a
long time and try to combine them into
the best like four segment version um
but a lot of creative too just come up
with four we found it's a good way to uh
work in athletes or CBS too that either
trying to promote something or don't
have a ton of time we can usually film
an overtime episode with them in a
reasonable yeah you know window of time
and so that's been a good recipe for
involving them uh it just gives it gives
you the freedom to try different things
in an episode and it's been kind of a
great testing ground for us what's um a
Creator or celebrity you've had on that
you only had very limited amount of time
you had to get the shot like what was
the most time we had a pretty we had a
pretty like set amount of time with Luca
when he was here um and so we we knew in
advance exactly what that one was gonna
be and really highlighted by Cody
playing in one-on-one um I mean I'm
talking just a feat of athleticism out
of Cody there it was quick too we
appreciate you did my best you know we
were on a time time crunch Cody didn't
try because of that but we'll get it
back yeah I play lot of
offense I think you shot a backwards
shot it was
two when creators and SLS come on your
show like their jersey sales go up like
their you know their subscribers go up
what's been the biggest impact on
somebody who's come on your show and
afterwards we talked early days um
fantasy football draft numbers went up
for those guys um Johnny Hecker as a
punter I remember that really put him on
the map you know he was he was great um
it has been fun we we talked about for
football specifically like help take the
helmet off of the players because you
don't see other than just kind of a
pretty boring press conference out of
most of those guys you get a chance to
get their personality so that has been
fun for us to film with athletes yeah um
what's going on here what's the green
room that's our Sound Studio no
makeshift gaming studio right now so we
are having like a dude perfect gaming
channel that Sparky heads up and um we
all like rotate in and play a game with
them and so so that's going on there
until we get it set up in this corner
over here when all that stuff comes away
[Music]
you maybe guess why these buildings are
there but dude these I'm looking I feel
like I'm looking at dude perfect history
right here that is um part of the idea
yeah kind of a condensed version of our
history those are the places where we
have made the world's highest basketball
shot from at different times so started
2009 and good old Kyle Field in Texas
A&M and then
um jump to here Tower Dallas it was a
moving goal then Oklahoma
City in 2016 and most recently hopefully
the last one we will ever have to
attempt how do you guys think about
topping yourselves when you go that high
for well mostly when we were there we
were thinking please dear God let this
be the last one really um cuz it took
four days right days days it felt like
four or seven days probably took 40
years off our life I mean crazy never
should have happened how do you guys
think about your different formats cuz
last time we did an interview Ty you
mentioned like if you guys are doing
trick shots like you wouldn't be here
like 15 years later how do you come up
with your different formats Beyond just
the trick shots we we try and come up
with a new series at least once a year
and I would say
99% of our ideas are inhouse internally
I mean we've tried Outsourcing other
ideation and stuff like that and I mean
for us we have we have some really
creative people outside of the five of
us even on the editing team and and
they're always pitching ideas and it's
just a group effort that's that's for
sure the hardest point or hardest part
at this point is coming up with those
new Concepts and new creatives but um
yeah the Quest video with the MLB and
then Cody's racing it's usually a
process of us all getting in a room
together and throwing out a bunch of bad
ideas that somebody takes and then turns
it into a semi- good one and then we
work on that until it becomes a great
idea what's been a idea that maybe you
guys didn't think would work but has
blown up I mean over time when we
launched it we we had this concept of
like a variety show forever had no idea
if it would do well or how people would
like it and then now we've this will be
our fifth tour coming up next year that
we've essentially toured off of that
series um I mean Quest we didn't know
how people would like it bucket list
it's it's just different you know
variations of the things that we like to
do anyways that are formatted in a way
that feels like a new series or or is it
presented in a new way how do you guys
think about like the division of what
everyone does I know you do a lot of the
finance like Cody you do a lot of the
social media like how do you think about
who does what on dude perfect I would
say one of our biggest goals moving over
here and um yeah taking on the investors
that we did is to try to get out of some
of that so that we can focus primarily
on on the content um I mean you've seen
a lot of the other Creator stuff we feel
like yes we were some of the first to do
some of this but we're a little bit slow
in building out a full team to replace
ourselves on a lot of the actual
business work so it's it's kind of
amazing how much of the actual work
we've done and are still doing 15 years
later so that's something we are very
much looking forward to is uh getting
some people in here who can do a way
better job than we can at the actual
business stuff so that'll be great what
do you think people would be most
surprised to learn you still do all
these years later there does payroll
paying bills it's wild I'm the HR guy
really so I'm still onboarding all of
our people um which is people find that
surprising sometimes what does
onboarding look like a dude
perfect employ employe handbooks having
them sign all the documents to be here
making sure that they have benefits um
things that I didn't know anything about
until jumped into it are you so curious
I don't know I'm just curious that like
it's cool that you guys are doing all
this big stuff but also all the little
stuff too you know I feel like a lot of
people just watch you guys on camera and
that's it send your res meil yeah we we
can we'll break down the benefit package
for
[Music]
you so tell me what what's this behind
us do you guys train a lot like for your
trick shot can't tell you can't tell we
we train hours look at us so we're
indestructible okay what goes into
training for trick shots that's a great
question it's more for getting old it's
more the training more as we approach
our 40s you know it's just smart
probably biggest upgrade we added a
sauna and a cold tub I saw that did cold
tubs fix everything well we heard that
that's supposed to motivate you to work
out you know that you can do that
afterwards right right guys yes I don't
know what you're talking about oh you
guys have a tonal okay we have a tonal
that's how Cory got hurt actually yeah
it's not I love the tonal completely you
got hurt on the ttal well
technically it's not tal I love you love
it it's like my favorite product of all
time but yes technically yes what have
we got here here explain it g yeah yeah
so got uh the sauna and then um wow this
needs some water uh and the cold plunge
uh because you know can't ever be too
healthy you know so so far we have yet
to be too healthy that not nobody ACC
weat a lot we eat a lot of junk food so
this helps us you know rid the toxins
out sweat it out um but yeah it's just a
little like uh we kind of keep this just
for us five and it's just a nice little
like you know recovery reset the Mind
room so typically Place SP music in here
and after shoot or something yeah oh I'm
dude I have no shame in that so yeah
it's like kind of hitting the locker
room after the game yeah
correct the dudes wind down and trick
shots wear on you you know clearly had
shoulder surgery recently I'm going to
be fine guys don't worry uh had the same
surgery that Ty has had and Cody has
had hanging strong we do too much stuff
man we're do after 15 years so it's fine
I'll be back I'll be
[Music]
back all right guys thanks for the tour
can we do a pound it net end do it all
right P it see
you should we do should we do uh burn
the whole pound it nogin and then attemp
Side Tire looks like the left side Tire
this see you know we're keeping this
either way okay cool I love it no
pressure no pressure pound it Noggin see
you oh dear no one last thing I want to
give you my free YouTube playbooks which
include the best tips and visuals from
my interviews from Casey nist stat to Mr
Beast just go to created. news/ Playbook
these playbooks are no fluff no BS just
proven tactics from the best creators
and trust me it's better than most paid
courses out there it's all part of our
created newsletter where every week
you'll get a breakdown of the latest
news for creators weekly roundups of the
best videos and thumbnails and more so
you're always a step ahead that link
again is created. news/ Playbook to get
it free in your inbox or just see the
link in the description all right